== PARDON OUR DUST

WWMD is currently in the throes of major cleanup and refactoring.

0.3.2 should be stable.  It's been thoroughly tested using 1.8.7 and
should work under 1.9.3 but YMMV.  It has not been tested using 2.0.

The viewstate tools can be had by themselves by using:

  require 'wwmd/viewstate'

We appreciate your patience.

  <;'"}()[]>{  XSSFish says, "Swim wif me"

== DESCRIPTION:

WWMD was originally intended to provide a console helper tool for 
conducting web application security assessments (which is something I 
find myself doing alot of).  I've spent alot of time and had alot of 
success writing application specific fuzzers + scrapers to test with.

WWMD provides a base of useful code to help you work with web sites both 
in IRB and by writing scripts that can be as generic or as application 
specific as you choose.

There's alot of helpful stuff crammed in here and its usage has evolved quite 
a bit.  It's not intended to replace, remove or be better than any of the 
tools you currently use.  In fact, WWMD works best *with* the tools you 
currently use to get stuff done.  You get convenience methods for getting, 
scraping, spidering, decoding, decrypting and munging user inputs, pages and 
web applications.

It doesn't try to be smart.  That's up to you.

What's here is the basic framework for getting started.  There's a raft 
of cookbook scripts and examples that are coming soon so make sure you 
check the wiki regularly.

== Dependencies:

* rubygems
* curb (taf2-curb located here on github)
* nokogiri
* htmlentities

== INSTALL

==== gem installation

WWMD is available as a gem from github:

    gem sources -a http://gems.github.com #(you only have to do this once)
    gem install mtracy-wwmd

=== manual installation

fetch the repository from github and add path/to/wwmd/lib to your RUBYLIB 
environment variable

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2008-2013 Michael Tracy <mtracy@matasano.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## Blah blah blah

